---
layout: post
title: Journal 4
category: blog
---

Today began about 30 minutes later than the past few days have. After grabbing a quick breakfast and a few cups of coffee I got right to work. Seven hours of work harvested around a minute and a half of music, but I must say that it is probably some of the strongest material I have ever written. I stepped outside and watched Camille work on her mosaic today for a little while. She asked how I was getting along. “Strange music today, Camille”, I said. “Stranger zen yesterday?” she asked. I told her it was much stranger than yesterday. Her mosaic is really starting to come together. 

Ginna came back around 2 o’clock today (her name is apparently spelt that way). She gave me a book of her short stories. Pretty discomforting stuff (Especially the font. I have always been sensitive to things like that. Seemingly small details can ruin the aesthetic of something). Her writing is actually really good. Very descriptive. I feel like I can relate to a lot of the things she is writing, but I’m sure she would like to continue thinking that no one can. Some people really enjoy being on their own island. I’m trying to get off of mine. I ended up reading the majority of her book today during breaks. It will be interesting to talk to her more tonight. I have read most of her book and I am sure she has heard plenty of my music between my banging on the piano and the computer playback through my speakers.

There were quite a few disruptions today. Around 3 of the board members from the residency stopped by individually to make sure that my work was going well and to ask if I was enjoying my stay. They were all incredibly nice and I managed to keep a pleasant facade while trying to avoid telling them that my work would be going much better if I could get a few minutes void of a knock on my door. 

There is a basement here. It is actually really big, and they've used it to host events with over 100 people. Today Camille told me that she had dug the entire thing by hand in over the course of two years in the early 80’s. I asked her how she managed to do such a thing, and she said “Little by little. Day by day. Big tasks become smaller, but you must stay at it!”. That is absolutely incredible.

Day 4 down. Still much work to be done, but I feel like I have done a decent amount of digging. 
