---
layout: post
title: Journal &#35 3
category: the-azule-journals
date: 2016-06-07
image:
  feature: journal-3-feature.png
headerImageStyle: "background-position: center center;"
---
I woke up this morning well rested and ready to work. Scene 2 is 98% complete. I figure the endings of each scene will change as the next scene takes shape so I’m not going to sweat the last 10 seconds or so.

However ready I was to work didn’t quite help and I struggled to come up with anything worth putting down for close to an hour. Camille dropped by to ask how my work was coming along. I told her “You know how it is. Sometimes it is difficult to find the jumping off point”. She just smiled and said “Yes. The beginning is always very hard, but ven you find it then it vill go very quickly”. Not long after I found that long sought after jumping off point, and Camille was right in saying that it would go very quickly. I thought of an interesting little motif that I liked quite a bit, and in a way which is not unlike a lot of my previous work I found a way of using it to create a number of different ideas as well as some interesting textures which served as great transition material from section to section. This scene has a pretty lengthy piano solo. It’s a funny little tune. It is really not like anything I have ever written. This scene went very quickly and I reached the 2 and a half minute point around 5:00 o’clock. After some quick revisions I felt satisfied with the day’s work by around 6:00.

Soon after I finished for the day about 5 people showed up and brought a new piano into my room. Some real rough and tough mountain men. They continued to hassle me about playing the piano for them. I told them I was no pianist, but they were incredibly persistent. I thought “Well, the men just carried a piano a hundred yards. The least I can do is play something for them”. I played the only thing I knew that I would play without error which was the first movement of “Metamorphosis” by Philip Glass. I have always really liked that piece. After about 5 minutes of the same 3 phrases over and over again I could tell they had had enough piano and enough Philip Glass to last them for the rest of their lives. They stayed and talked with me for a little while longer. They were very nice, humble, and unassuming people, but they could use a shower. They left a thick scent of body odor behind in my room which was as heavy as I assume that piano was. 

After talking to them and having been satisfied with my work I decided to take a short trip into town to pick up some fresh milk and eggs. I stopped and had a burger at the local restaurant. It is a small one road town. The sort of town where it seems you either move away, work at the restaurant, or work at the other restaurant, but everyone there seems very content. 

On the way back to my car I was stopped by a girl who appeared to be around my age. She looked as though she was about to give out under the weight of a large backpack. She asked “Do you know where the hostile is?”. Thinking to myself that in a town with all of 6 buildings that if one of them was a hostile it shouldn’t be difficult to find I replied “No. I’m sorry. I am not from here”. Never in the history of time has such an innocent statement started such a conversation. She told me that her name was “Unbreakable Kelly”, although she looked a little broken today. She confessed to having survived a bear attack this morning and to having hitchhiked to Hot Springs after hiking around 15 miles. She informed me that she had nowhere to stay and that she was low on cash. I advised that she sleep in the forest since that is where she had presumably been sleeping for the past few weeks. I think she just wanted money. I didn’t give her any, but I did assure her that she was “Unbreakable”. Yesterday all I wanted was conversation. Today all i wanted was to get out of that one. What fickle creatures we are. 

Tomorrow I will stick around the house. That Jenna woman is supposedly coming back at some point. Let’s hope a few nights in an air conditioned hotel has done her some well. 


