---
layout: post
title: Journal &#35 1
category: the-azule-journals
date: 2016-06-05
image:
  feature: journal-1-feature.png
headerImageStyle: "background-position: center center;"
---

I got on the road this morning at around 8 o’clock. I had planned on leaving at 7, but upon waking I realized how ambitious of a goal that had been. Not long after starting the trip I began to notice a slight incline on the road. Little did I know it was just the beginning. The drive was a little more than 4 hours, and the incline became progressively steeper the entire way. I got off of the interstate and began to drive through thick fog and forest. I looked down at my phone which read “no service”, and that was it. I became panicked for a moment because I had been following direction from my phones’ GPS system and I was afraid that the directions would stop in the absence of service. Here I am. My tiny car loaded down with books, clothes, vinyls, water, and food driving through some god forsaken forest with rain pouring down relentlessly on my windshield, and I am completely lost. I remember thinking “Good god… If I get lost out here they’ll never find me.” Luckily my phone continued to point me in the right direction. I have no idea how that works, but I’m glad that there is someone somewhere that does. 

I drove through the fog on the windiest and steepest roads that I have ever laid eyes on. Eventually I wound up on a dirt road which seemed to go on forever, and as my car bounced and jerked on the gravel beneath me I saw the house in the distance. A giant house made almost completely out of windows. I pulled up to the house and was met almost immediately by a very small old woman who wore a funny little yellow rain hat, and was missing a significant portion of her right arm. Through a thick french accent she told me that her name was Camille. I guess she is the groundskeeper or sorts. She welcomed me and began to show me into the house. 

It is a very oddly designed home. Three stories with a strange stained glass staircase connecting the top floor to the bottom. The top floor is mostly bedrooms and this is where I met the other current resident. She told me that her name was Jenna. She seems to be in her early 40’s and has a very short haircut with a blue streak in the front. We spoke briefly and she seemed very cordial and nice enough (despite the fact that her appearance gives me the impression of someone you would find yelling at their kids in a Wal-mart). Camille took me onto the ground floor and through a large open room which they call the library. There are books shoved into every nook and cranny that they could have possibly put books in. Many of the books are in French. We walked through the library and into a very small hallway which led to a door. Camille opened the door and said (in that same accent) “Dis is vere you vill stay and compose”. I walked through the door and into a huge U shaped room which contained only a table, a piano, and a very small bed. With that the tour completed and Camille said she would leave me to my work. I unpacked and started to compose. After a few hours (I have no idea what time it is) I realized that I was very hungry. I made soup and sat down to write this journal. Will probably work a little more later. That is all for today. It is very quiet here. I am not sure just what to think yet. 
