---
layout: post
title: Journal &#35 5
category: the-azule-journals
date: 2016-06-09
image:
  feature: journal-5-feature.png
headerImageStyle: "background-position: 90% 90%;"
---
The days are starting to fly by quickly. With 15 days remaining I am truly beginning to dread the last. I can honestly say I am getting used to this sort of lifestyle. Camille left for Marshall (which is about 30 or so minutes away) very early this morning for a long awaited dentist appointment, and Ginna was gone to town by 9 o’clock. With the entire house empty I felt as though I had the entirety of the Smoky Mountains to myself. 

Today I wrote the most beautiful music that I have ever written. I’m not quite sure where it came from, but at times it almost felt like I was taking dictation rather than composing. I got so wrapped up in it that in fact I think we might alter the story of this little ballet just tad. It would be a shame to let this music go to waste over something as trivial as a carefully and expertly crafted story arch which took months to develop. Spoken like a true composer. 

I ran into town to send out some (very) rough drafts of the first act to my friend who wrote (and is currently rewriting) the story. I grabbed another burger at the restaurant and used the wifi to quickly check in with my friends at the drum corps. They seem to be making quite a bit of progress! I do wish I could be there, but I am here right now. I will be there soon enough (and hopefully with around 25-30 more minutes of music).

Tomorrow I have to do a little work around the house as part of my work trade with the residency. Nothing so bad. A little computer cataloging and possibly some weeding in the garden. After that I will continue to revise Act One. I think that i am getting very close. I am excited about starting Act Two, but I can’t get ahead of myself. It will be nice to take a small break from composing and reading in the morning to occupy myself in a different way. Nietzsche famously said “All truly great thoughts are conceived by walking”… let’s hope that the same is true of pulling weeds.