---
layout: post
title: Journal &#35 8
category: the-azule-journals
date: 2016-06-12
image:
  feature: journal-8-feature.png
headerImageStyle: "background-position: 50% 50%;"
---
Today has been an incredibly successful and productive day. Act One is complete. At least for now. It runs around 10 minutes long. I will begin on Act Two tomorrow. It is a little shorter, and I am hoping to have it done in around 3 days. That will give me a little over a week to finish the third and final act and revise the entire product. 

After finishing I ran into town to send out some band arrangements and sound files (and to grab another burger. They are starting to recognize me at the restaurant). I had driven all the way down into Hot Springs... and then I noticed I had forgotten my wallet. I have driven up and down the mountain twice today, and although I still go well under the speed limit I am really starting to get used to that drive. 

The new person arrived while I was in town. After I got back we spent around an hour or so exploring the house and talking. It is nice to have someone my age around. Tomorrow we are going to section hike some of the Appalachian Trail, and later this week we are going to make the trek to Asheville. I had hoped I was going to be able to make it to Asheville while I was here. I have never been, but everyone has always told me I would love it there. 

Today marks a full week since my arrival at Azule. I have loved every second. Only 12 days left. I am not looking forward to that last trip down the mountain, but I don't have to think about that just yet. 