---
layout: post
title: Journal &#35 6
category: blog
date: 2016-06-10
---
Today was a little of an off day. By “off” I mean a break from composing. I did a little work on the computer for the residency program. After that I weeded the flower beds for about an hour. I had thought it had been pretty cold in North Carolina. That was until I spent an hour in the noon sun pulling weeds. Every time I do work like that I am instantly transported to the days of my teenage years. I remember being woken up early to go put up fences with my dad. He used to say that I needed to learn the value of a dollar. I have come to know that what he meant was that it was important for me to find that nothing comes easy, and that anything worth doing was worth doing right. He wanted to teach me that hard work is something to enjoy… to be proud of. What I came to know (at least at the time) was that I hated being outside, I hated the bugs, and that I wasn’t blessed with the physique necessary to carry around heavy stacks of wood or rolls of chain link with the ease that it seemed he and my brother enjoyed. I like to think that I have applied those hard earned lessons that my father tried so earnestly to bestow on me into the road that I am forging for myself. Nonetheless, I found working outside today to be a rather wearisome chore. I can confess to counting down the minutes that I had to be outside pulling weeds.

I composed very little, but I thought quite a bit. I am looking forward to getting a running start at tomorrow’s work.

Today I sat outside talking to Camille. The subject inevitably turned towards politics. It is interesting to talk to someone who has seen so much. I tend to side with Socrates in thinking that everyone truly wants what they think is best. Most people do what they think is the most beneficial thing within their certain situation, and the older I get the more I realize that no one is ever completely sure of which road to take. We all just seem so divided. I think the thing that we can’t lose sight of is the vision. The bigger picture. Where are we going? Where do we want to go? This “little” issue seems to be where we all are the most divided, but I think that the division comes much more so from a lack of vision than from a difference of opinion. I don’t have any answers, but that doesn’t make the conversation any less enjoyable. 

Tonight I have been working (and will continue to work) on a marching band opener! I have enjoyed my little reprieve from composing today. It feels like my first day in the mountains rather than my sixth day in a room with a piano. I guess that you have to stop and smell the roses and so on. Tomorrow I will be right back at it, but tonight I will enjoy a little retrospection and of course Blues! in the key of band. 