---
layout: post
title: Journal &#35 11
category: blog
date: 2016-06-15
---
Today was a pretty great day of work. I am actually far ahead of where I thought I would be in Act Two. I feel very confident that I will be able to finish it tomorrow. 

After everyone here was finished for the day we all decided to go get some pizza at the local restaurant. On our ascension back up the mountain we noticed for the first time a very small church which seems to be carefully placed at the top of a extremely long and winding road. We all decided that a church this far out in the Smoky Mountains must be one of those churches where they handle snakes. That topic quickly passed into a conversation about our mutual fear of snakes. The idea of fear lead us to the unspoken thing which had been on all of our minds since our individual arrivals which was the fact that we are in the middle of nowhere in a house that has no locks on the door. We began discussing at length the similarities of our current lodging and just about every plot of any horror movie which has ever been made. After we had gotten through that conversation we all went for a walk around the vast wilderness surrounding the house. We stumbled onto a house which was said to have been abandoned long ago. As we passed the abandoned house I noticed in the window what appeared to be the light of a candle. As we continued walking and the angle of our view into the window changed we all noticed about 15 candles and a bonfire in the backyard. We started walking noticeably faster while conversing about what must be going on in the abandoned house which… was obviously some sort of satanic ritual. After getting back to the house and indulging our wildest imaginings concerning the oddity of these candles we came to the agreement that none of us would be able to sleep until we had an answer to this abandoned house once and for all. We marched back down to the house to find that all of the candles had been extinguished, and that the house looked as abandoned as ever. 

They say that imagination is a very important part of being an artist, but maybe when you get three imaginations together in the middle of nowhere things can get a little out of hand. All in all with the talk of snakes, psychopathic ax wielders, witches, and rituals it has been a pretty fun night! One that is unlike any I have ever had. It is also the first time I have seen a man who is close to his thirties check under his bed for monsters. 