---
layout: post
title: Journal &#35 2
category: blog
date: 2016-06-06
---

I worked for ten hours today. I got about 2 and half minutes of music done. That finishes act one scene one. Tomorrow is scene two.

That Jenna woman left around 10:30 or so this morning. She said she was going to stay in a hotel for the next two nights. She seemed kind of distressed. Complaining about the heat in the house, and that she had no fan. She also talked to herself as she was packing her car. Made a real big thing of it. I don’t know. It feels fine in here to me, but Im also not a woman in my 40’s so… who knows?

My work went well, but I am very exhausted. After I finished I went outside and talked to Camille. I had barely spoken a work all day, and she was very good conversation. She is working on a mosaic of two fish for a downstairs bathroom (the shower of which will be inside of a large bay window overlooking the front yard. Seems like a strange place for a shower, but Im not in charge of all that). We talked about how she cuts the stone and lays in particular places to create not just the picture, but the texture. It is interesting how similar all of it is to music, but i guess most everything is connected and analogous if you try hard enough to make it so. 

It was nice to talk to someone though. I didn’t realize how quickly I would grow lonely. We really are just slammed over the head with conversation and external stimulation constantly. It is strange to not be. I know that its not a feeling of boredom. I don’t long to look at my phone or anything like that. It really is just a feeling of loneliness. Going a day without talking to anyone is hard. Its an experience like one that I have never had. I am enjoying it for the most part. They said that someone else is coming to stay and work in around 6 days. That’ll be nice. Here is to hoping its not another heat flash prone complainer. 

Day two down. I have 3 more days until I finish the first act. I think after that I might take a day to wander into town. Apparently there is a pretty good pizza place. Not looking forward to driving back up that mountain.