---
layout: post
title: Journal &#35 18
category: the-azure-journals
date: 2016-06-22
---
Today was nice. I woke up and began work revising the first act. I added around a minute and a half to it (along with cleaning up a few notation and score issues). I am sitting at around 22 and a half minutes of music. Not a bad haul for a little over 2 weeks. 

After I finished working I did a little bit for my work trade. Part of what they wanted me to do, in addition the cleaning and outside work, was to interview Camille and write a little story about my time here for the website. This woman is absolutely remarkable. A self taught architect who wanted to design a place for artists to create. She kept saying this word (through her thick French accent) that had influenced her. I couldn't quite make it out at first... she was saying Cathedral. She explained that like the cathedrals in the Middle Ages she wants to build as much as she can before she passes on. When she dies someone else will take the responsibility of the ongoing construction. In reality she has plans made for structures on this property that might take four lifetimes. Wouldn't it be crazy to be capable of thinking that far outside of yourself? 

There are all sorts of strange little features in this house that really make no sense. Doors in strange places and windows in the ceiling. The kind of things you look at and say "Why did she do that?". Her and her husband were married on an airplane 2,000 feet in the sky. They drove around the country in a van for almost a year looking for a place to settle down. When they arrived here they turned the van off. They lived here for 44 years. He died in this house around a decade ago after a long battle with muscular sclerosis. Suddenly everything made sense. The strange doors were for his wheelchair. The odd windows were so he could look up and see the stars from his bed. On his last night she said he kept saying "Drive me there. Drive me there". She said she has no idea what he meant. She kind of laughed and shrugged while saying "I drove him crazy his whole life. Maybe this is what he meant." He is buried just a little ways from this house under a stone that is inscribed with the phrase "Drive me there". She must have really loved him. 

Today I bumped into her as she busily scuttled around the house. I said "I'm sorry, Camille!". She just looked at me and after a long pause said "I am going to miss you!". "You are?" I said. She said "Of course. I think what it is that you are doing is very interesting. Plus, you are all around nice guy" (Her English is still very broken). I just looked at her and smiled. I said "I'm going to miss you too, Camille". I am going to miss her.

Everyone seems to leave her something when they leave. All over the house there are sculptures, paintings, portraits, poems, and short stories. Some of the work is of her, and some of it is for her.  I wanted to leave her with something as well. I wrote a very short and very simple little piano piece in the form of a chaconne. I am going to print it out and give it to her on my last day (which will now be Friday). It is entitled "Drive Me There" with the subtitle "For Camille".